'''
Tasks:
1. What are the primary factors leading to the most substantial delays in each state? Rank the states from the
highest to the lowest delay severity, and perform an in-depth analysis of delay types, their frequency, and
the airlines most impacted by these delays.
2. Identify airlines or airports that have consistently demonstrated effective delay management strategies.
What lessons can be learned from their practices?
3. Analyse the geographical distribution of delays. Investigate whether certain types of delays are correlated
with specific geographical factors (e.g., airport size, location). Are there patterns that suggest the need for
infrastructure improvements etc.?
4. Identify airports within the latitude range of 32° to 37° and the longitude range of -100° to -80° and visualize
them using a heatmap.
5. Using a pie chart present a display the percentage of on-time flights, and the items listed in the table above.
6. Imagine you are an aviation analyst tasked with improving the overall efficiency and reliability of air travel
in the US. Using the provided flight delay dataset, devise a novel strategy or approach to reduce flight delays
and improve the passenger experience. Explain your proposed strategy, the data-driven insights that
support it, and the potential challenges and benefits of implementing it. Be creative and consider both
short-term and long-term impacts on the US aviation industry.
'''

''' Factors' meaning
year： Year of data (2020 for all entries)
month： Month of data (February for all entries)
carrier： Airline Code
carrier_name: Name of Airline
airport: Airport Code
airport_name: Name of Airport
arr_flights： Number of arriving flights
arr_del15: Number of flights delayed by 15 minutes or more
carrier_ct： Number of flights delayed due to airlines
weather_ct： Number of flights delayed due to weather
nas_ct： Number of flights delayed due to National Airspace System (NAS)
security_ct： Number of flight delays due to security issues
late_aircraft_ct： Number of flights delayed due to late arrival of aircraft
arr_cancelled： Number of cancelled arrival flights
arr_diverted： Number of arrivals diverted
arr_delay： Total minutes of arrival delays
carrier_delay： Total minutes of delay attributed to airlines
weather_delay： Total minutes of delay due to weather
nas_delay： Total minutes of delay due to NAS issues
security_delay： Total minutes of delay due to security issues
late_aircraft_delay： Total minutes of delay due to late arrival of aircraft
'''


